docs: add file sync to coder desktop docs (#17463)
coder/coder: docs/user-guides/desktop/index.md

You can work offline, add screenshots to documentation, or use local development tools while keeping your files in sync with your workspace.

1. Create a new local directory.

   If you select an existing clone of your repository, Desktop will recognize it as conflicting files.

1. In the Coder Desktop app, select **File sync**.

   ![Coder Desktop File Sync screen](../../images/user-guides/desktop/coder-desktop-file-sync.png)

1. Select the **+** in the corner to select the local path, workspace, and remote path, then select **Add**:

   ![Coder Desktop File Sync add paths](../../images/user-guides/desktop/coder-desktop-file-sync-add.png)

1. File sync clones your workspace directory to your local directory, then watches for changes:

   ![Coder Desktop File Sync watching](../../images/user-guides/desktop/coder-desktop-file-sync-watching.png)

File sync excludes version control system directories like `.git/` from synchronization, so keep your Git-cloned repository wherever you run Git commands.
This means that if you use an IDE with a built-in terminal to edit files on your remote workspace, that should be the Git clone and your local directory should be for file syncs.

> If you encounter a synchronization conflict, delete the conflicting file that contains changes you don't want to keep.

Reviewer: Thoughts on adding a Windows section here, too?

Reviewer: Can we also add a note or two on what Ethan described here in the [comment](https://github.com/coder/coder/pull/17463#issuecomment-2814607297)?

Author: the mutagen stuff?

I guess we could - I skipped it for user-facing documentation. it's good for us to know how it works or why it could change one day, but there doesn't seem to be anything a Desktop user could do about it. Is there? Mutagen docs @ethanndickson linked to say that the git stuff should be ignored, so even if there is a workaround, we're probably safer not suggesting it

To copy the `.coder` hostname of a workspace agent, you can click the copy icon beside it.

You can also connect to the SSH server in your workspace using any SSH client, such as OpenSSH or PuTTY:

   ```shell
   ssh your-workspace.coder
   ```

Any services listening on ports in your workspace will be available on the same hostname. For example, you can access a web server on port `8080` by visiting `http://your-workspace.coder:8080` in your browser.

> [!NOTE]

> > Currently, the Coder IDE extensions for VSCode and JetBrains create their own tunnel and do not utilize the Coder Connect tunnel to connect to workspaces.

Reviewer 2: This is no longer true if the user is running a Coder deployment of version 2.22 or later. IDE extensions connected to older server versions still have this issue.

Reviewer: Better to remove the note instead of making it more explicit to explain the difference in behaviour.

Reviewer 2: Why's that?

Reviewer: I am in favor of simpler docs. Eventually, all users, when upgraded to version 2.22, will be using the Coder Connect tunnels. So IMO its better to leave this out.

Or we can say, as per version 2.22 of Coder IDE, extensions can also make use of the Coder Connect tunnel to improve performance

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For Coder versions v2.21.3 and earlier: the Coder IDE extensions for VSCode and JetBrains create their own tunnel and do not utilize the Coder Connect tunnel to connect to workspaces.
```

Author: @matifali - does this feel like a good balance?

for now, because it's all but the newest version, I think we need to have some indication of who's affected
